"Not tonight, ok?" 
Phi pulls her head between her knees. Her back quivers as she exhales, her breath warm and damp. Fifth drapes a blanket over her, capturing both heat and moisture. 
"We'll talk tomorrow. Rest now - you're on the verge of ..."
She hears his monotone voice trail off, become one with the ambient noise of machinery, and then nothing. 
The next afternoon came quicker than expected. Phi stirs in a meek attempt to liberate herself from the mound of laundry and bed linnen she found herself under. She snarls but is ultimately successful in emerging from her cloth chrysalis. 
"Too much of a good thing." She pants, wiping sweat off her brow. The room is a war zone, a temporary haven for vagrants, junkies, rapists. She looks back at the sweaty outline she had produced last night, under the overt covers.
"Rough night, huh?" Fifth enters from a side room, and carries two cans of dog food filled with a black liquid to a cooler serving as side table. "There."
"Why'd you make two?"
"Hmm?"
"You don't drink coffee. Told me it did things to your stomach."
"The left one is yours."
Phi reaches out and lets her palm graze the right can. Cold. Viscous. She brings the left can of coffee to her lips, and sees a globule of something float in it. She squints as she drinks. Hot liquid, grit and several substances that have no business being there cross her tongue. 
"It's good" Phi nods, stifling a cough. 

Fifth leans over to pull his can closer, and loads a dropper just under its service. An obsidian liquid fills the tube. He then tilts his head back, and administers drops into his eyes. 
"Well?"
"Well what?"
"Last night?"
"Just business. Same old, same old. Nothing to report, officer."
"You look like shit. Probably feel like shit too."

He was right - she felt it all over. Bruises and cuts on her left shoulder, shards of glass lodged in her quadriceps, her hands blasted with dirt and grit embedded in her flesh, her neck and jaw near seized when talking. 

"All in a day's work."
"You can't even stand. I'll fill the tank, soak you for a while."
Phi sputters and coughs a gulp of syn coffee. "... What? No, I have to get back out there. I'll be back toni..."
"I wasn't asking." Fifth interjects, still feeding droplets of fluid into his eyes. His words are calm, non-negotiable. 
"I promised C I'd be back for the handover."
"I'll go."
"WHAT?"
Fifth responds. "I'll handle it in your stead. Not like you're worth a whole lot in your current state anyway. We'll go splitsies on the cheque, how's that?"
Phi would crush the half-empty coffee can, but only drives grit and rocks deeper into her flesh in the attempt. She sighs in resignation. 
"Just be careful. These guys are hopped up on all kinds of crazy."
"I'm sure they are."
Fifth levels his gaze on her, causing black residue to run trails down his cheeks. 
"I'll handle it, Phi. Meds and mask are in the other room. Get some rest."
"... just ..." she whispers, shaking her head. 
"I will." 

Fifth stands and walks over to a bookcase stacked with cases of ammunition. She watches as he pushes a load-out into his wrists and lower arms. 
"You'd better be in that tank when I get back, Phi."
She waves dismissively, downing the last of her coffee. "Yeah, yeah. Don't make me regret this, Fifth. I've pinged C so she doesn't waste you on sight."

He puts on black sleeveless tactical armor covering his and nods. With a few dabs on the door console, he's gone.

Phi shudders, suddenly uncomfortable in the mess that for once was not hers. Everything hurt. She sets the can with the thick-as-mud residue on the table and took stock. Left elbow was messed up, and turning blacker by the minute. Left ankle and knee were not a lot better off. Light-brown bruises, edges turning red with infected swelling and blood loss. She caught a glimpse of her face in a console across the room and her eyes widened. 

The back of her head was mostly missing, hair ripped off. A large chuck of flesh that would cover her cranium was completely gone, torn off by a large projectile. The thick metal plate that kept her ballistics hardware protected lay exposed. Phi looked down at where she had laid her head mere minutes before. The pillow was drenched in gore, with bits of congealed blood and plasma caking on the fabric. 

"Wow ... " Everything did hurt, but not that. 

She decided to reprise the coffee, and spooned some of the now lukewarm sediment into her mouth. She chewed the grit for a while, enjoying the visceral sensation of particles lodging and dislodging between her teeth. Then, she willed herself to a stand and ambled into the adjoining room. 

Fifth hadn't disappointed. He had exaggerated though. There was no tank or clean bed or clean anything. The bathtub was filled about one Phi's worth of ice. Three hypho's and two syringes were laid out on a white cloth - the only remotely clean thing in sight. The mask he had mentioned hung suspended from the shower rod. Its wires entered the room through a hole in the ceiling.

"This is going to suuuuck ... " Phi complained, shaking her head as she sat down on the edge of the tub. She crossed her arms and grabbed the hem of her shirt and undershirt, and begins to yank them overhead. About halfway, she feels the cloth catching on the edge of the gaping hole in the back of




htlemmeir