NNY in 2091 is a vast metropolis. Its skyline is made up of monoliths containing offices and domiciles of varying degrees of luxury. Looking to the east, the horizon is littered with facilities of industry and data centers feeding the dying financial system. 

Within the city, tensions have been rising between corporations, both foreign and domestic. The political administration only has a tenuous hold the city. At street level, several gangs have risen to prominence, laying claim to entire blocks as they please. The richer neighbourhoods and valuable corporate sites are well kept through police attention and private security details, but the further one ventures from these sheltered communities, the more one has to be able to fend for one's self. 

Some people can work a job, but for those who are down in social credit, most careers on the straight and narrow are closed off forever. (Credit card / credit rating agencies have taken over personal screening in combination with a China-esque system of public monitoring - widening the gap between rich and poor, and creating a large underclass of people who will work for next to nothing in order to stay afloat.)

Phi has Asian blood - and has suffered all of the racism that comes with it. Ever since China's great calamity, Asian supercompanies have been aggressively trying to regain their once-dominant position in world markets. Their western counterparts have temporarily capitalized on the vacuuum, and are trying to hold onto the advantageous position they had blundered into. Corporate espionage is rampant. Nearly every event occuring in NNY has some benefit to 

Philomena - Phi for short - is a private investigator. That's what she tells herself. She could also be called a gun for hire, or a thief. She will generally do what she needs to, to stay afloat. She was orphaned during the flood of '81, when an oceanic tremor caused a tidal wave that wiped out a large swathe of the Connecticut Sprawl. The belongings she could rescue from the apartment where she was raised, are stacked in hastily packed boxed, piled unstable towers in the back room of her office, surrounding a rickety stretcher and a few cupboards of clothes. She's not supposed to live there, but she does. Building 407 is home to many smaller enterprises. The landlord is magnanimous, as long as she pays on time and lets him hang on to the illusion of having a shot. 

Right now, Phi is working on an assassination. It's the biggest pay day she's had in a while, and she could use a break. And some actual food, instead of the synthetic slop she's been eating for the last weeks. Intel on the target was hazy at best. The customer, a business man named Seven, connected her to a vac addict called Druno. 

Vac is the oldest form of the vaccine for SARS-CoV-4. With a little pinch of love. It stuck around after it beat the pandemic it was developed to beat. It was cheap to manufacture, cheap to distribute. It was one of the few events where the price of human life so far eclipsed the cost of the cure that the system actually worked. It didn't take long for chemistry enthusiasts to discover enhancements that could be made using the drug as a jumping off point - a solid base for mind enhancing and experience boosting stimulants. The street name for the drug, vac, is not helpful since nearly every batch of vac is as unique as its manufacturer and distributor. Some have taken their product to extremes, with effects in users to boot, while others prefer a more mild experience and ditto clientele. 

Phi is not a vac addict, but she does use stimulants, pain killers and very minor doses of vac if needed. Life is hard, and she's given up believing in a higher meaning in any of her endeavours. She does what she does to keep doing what she does, and te r 


