Returns on homework: 
- Realism tends to have loose versions of building blocks. A more open ending works with realism.
- Locations in realism: be very specific / lean into the idiosyncrasies of the setting
- Sometimes, when you don't know the nature and behavior of a character, compare them to an animal.
- When you have multiple characters and you want to have everyone react to something - choose a focal body part that their reaction can hinge on. 
- corruption arc - trauma fueled, character's intentions make him slip slowly, slowly into evil. 
- give your villain all the detail you can muster. 

- intellectual property stuff? 

Scene: continuous flow of time, location and people. 

-> Motivation reaction unit.  What happens in scenes: 
- setting / characters
- event
- emotional reaction
- reflection
- processing
- rational grip
- chosen behavior

Let your characters WANT something in every scene they are in. Let them have motivations both in the context of the larger story and on scene level. 

INCITING INCIDENT
TURNING POINT PROGRESSIVE COMPLICATION 
CRISIS
CLIMAX
RESOLUTION


Tropes: 
- there's a murder on the orient express - butler did it
- teen camp in the woods - gate keepers / monster 

You can lean into the trope and play them straight. 
You can also subvert it - throw a twist in there
You can invert it - the butler is the victim. 
You can exaggerate it 

Upping the ante: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toby_Litt (hospital)

HOMEWORK
- [ ] work out characters
- [ ] flesh out scenes that will be put in the outline
- [ ] flesh out the seven main story beats
- [ ] flesh out the ending - and only then: 
- [ ] flesh out the beginning
- [ ] look up some stuff on exposition 


