
## Creative writing submission wk 49 - Bart


### Prompt: Write about two people seeing each other for the first time.

### Feedback request: Anything, really. Is this fun? Interesting? Readable? 

The snow crunched softly under my boots as I came to a halt in front of the stone steps leading up to the palacial front doors of the mansion at Staub Hill. In a moment of indecision, I looked over my left shoulder back to the winding road connecting the grounds to Rutherford St. below. I exhaled hot vapor and found that the slow trickle of fresh snowflakes had already all but obfuscated up the tracks I had left during my approach. 

From a distance, the main building had appeared as it always has in my memories - an imposing structure, impossibly tall, unmeasurably wide, stern and immutable. Against the backdrop of an overcast night, it stood vigil over the town below with all of its past resplendence - but up close, where I stood, the scars of recent decades were obvious. Broken windows, several splotches of graffiti, one of the majestic doors forced open and left ajar. 

I swallowed nervously as I turned back to the building and assessed the two rows of lavish windows in its front. No lights, no rumors inside - the observation did little to quell the crawling unease I felt develop in my chest. 

A lone car could be heard in the distance, navigating its way along Rutherford St. It took what little ambient sound there had been with it in passing, leaving me in a world of muted, muffling white. 

I decided against the front door, dug my hands deep into my pockets, and began to circle the structure. An approach from the south seemed most opportune, as it would lead me through the sprawling conifers that had once made up an immaculately kept hedge maze. Unbothered by recent tending, I found the plants flourished in direct opposition to strict discipline that was forced upon them prior. 

  

Though the passages had always looked the same, the hedge maze now truly had no functioning exit. As a child I was able to navigate by orienting myself to the chimney cap that formed the highest point of the east wing of the mansion, that I could just make out over the dense thicket of the hedge. The untended growth had made this an impossibility - but I was also no longer a child. Guided by a cloud-covered shimmer above - the moon, most likely - I forced my way through the shrubbery, pushing aside snow covered branches. One or two snapped back and raked across my face, leaving a strip of strained heat exposed to the soft cold. I would not be deterred. After breaching two more walls of sprawled shrubs, I found myself overlooking the plains of the back yard.

  

A snow-covered field stretched out before me, into the Severin Wood that bordered the grounds in the south. A few patches of trees broke the monotony. This had once been an immaculately kept English garden. It was quite a sight from the veranda at the rear of the mansion. To my child’s eye, it was endless. The small gravel paths winding through regularly laid out flower beds, the small hedges bringing order to the tapestry of flora, and the three interconnected ponds all made the yard feel like a place out of a fairytale. 

  

The wind picked up unexpectedly, cutting off my labored breath. Averting my eyes, I made study of the back of the mansion, having rounded its corner. A few windows had shattered. Net curtains wove out of the larger gashes lazily, coaxed out by the gale. One of the doors leading from the back veranda into the vestibule had been forced open, and sat rattling in its frame. I smirked, feeling offended. 

  

After I had concluded there were no signs of light or movement inside the main building, I broke away from the edge of the maze and walked toward the larger of the ponds. It sat on the eastern outskirts of the property. Though it had been naturally formed, it was brought into the architecture of the yard with a sophisticated touch. A talon of the woods below covered most of its far bank - a fact I knew from experience, but had trouble ascertaining in the increasingly inhospitable weather. I should have gone inside, and braved whatever was waiting for me there. But I didn’t. 

  

As the winds mounted, so did the falling snow, transitioning from a soft trickle into a barrage of white flurry. I stood fast, taking a modicum of shelter by crouching near a bed of waist-high shrubs that flanked a bench overseeing the waters. My mother used to sit here, often alone. We could see her from the house, but there was an unspoken rule to leave her to her musings. I shrugged into my collar and wiped off the snow piling up on my shoulders. 

  

The downpour quieted down as suddenly as it had mounted. I sighed a welcome at the familiar stillness that followed. The moon peeked through the canopy of gray above, illuminating the world of white in a cool shimmer. I emerged from my improvised shelter, walked over to the bench and brushed some of the snow aside, before sitting. The pond had frozen over. I could see the black ice underneath the dusting that had settled upon it. I leant forward, elbows on knees, chin perched on fists, and felt a comforting sense of belonging wash over me. As I exhaled, the warmth of my breath crawled over my face, and tingled at the lacerations the maze had left. I could sleep, right then and there. I may have dozed off a moment or two. 

  

Something nudged me awake and drew my eye. I rubbed the sleep away trying to focus. And then I saw it. A yellow balloon, shooting up several feet, lazily drifting down only to shoot up again of its own volition. At first, I hardly noticed it as it performed its dance near the far bank of the pond, and frequently shrouded itself in shadows cast by tall trees. But the longer I peered, the more clearly I saw it. The winds had fully subsided, and I was fully awake. I kept watching the phenomenon for what felt like hours. As the shadows turned, giving the balloon less place to hide, it became ever more visible. There it was. Bouncing. Daring someone .. me .. to come closer .. to give chase. 

  

My knees protested, straining against the cold, but I stood. One step forward, onto the ice. I shivered nervously, as if passing a threshold into a domain where my welcome was no foregone conclusion. As I shifted my weight onto the ice, I could hear pings of stress shooting off into the distance, but the ice held. I began making my way toward the balloon, taking small steps so as to not lose my balance, upset the ice that upheld me or somehow scare off my object of inquiry. 

  

I made it to a small island overgrown by reeds in the middle of the pond. Forcing a path through snow-covered vegetation was unpleasantly cold and wet, but the discomfort was offset by having solid ground under my feet. When I had made my way to the far side of the islet, I knelt down on one knee and forced aside the reeds with care. As I did, it became clear what kept granting the balloon flight. 

  

A small boy, not older than five or six, near translucent under the moonlight, was giving chase. He batted at the balloon, clapped his hands, only to dart after it and repeat the exercise. At times, the phenomenon flickered and zapped out of view for the briefest of moments, only to repeat a bit further on, atop the frozen waters of the pond. The boy emitted no sound, nor did the balloon, but I heard his excited laughter as his ethereal form bounded across the ice. 

  

The boy gave no indication of being aware of my presence. After having observed for a while, and seeing the motions play out for several cycles, I stood, to get a better vantage point and to relax the strain that had been building in my body. When I did, the boy stopped in his tracks and turned to me. I couldn’t make out his clothes, nor his facial features, so thin was his appearance against the dark forest behind him. But I knew his eyes, instantly. 

  

The balloon settled atop the snow as the boy began to walk toward me, leaving no footprints in the snow atop the ice. There were several flashes where I could no longer see his advance, and instead saw him materialize closer to the woods, chasing a balloon, only for him to zap into focus again, having gotten closer to the island. His playful dance with the balloon contrasted with the deliberate progress he made toward me. 

  

He stood before me moments later, peering at me with a canted head and quizzical expression. Unsure of what to do, I stooped. He knew my eyes as well. Then, he held out a hand to me. There was nothing to grab, and yet there was. I led the boy across the ice, toward the bench where I had sat before. He followed, never leaving my side. After we had stepped off the frozen pond, I cleared more space on my mother’s bench and we sat. He leant into me, and I cradled him with my left arm. 

  

By the time a cold winter morning had ushered away the night, he was gone, and I felt like a little brother for the first time.  

  
  
  
  
  

Maddalena’s comments

  

Very nice atmosphere, location, and descriptions*

Descriptions: TOP! I really like the way you describe nature around and the place. It is very visual and sensorial :) 

Tone/mood: I perceive a sense of mystery and I like it very much. 

I just miss a few elements to have an overall idea of what is going on. After you mention the mom, things get a bit clearer, but until that point, I was wondering: 

- Who is the main character? Who is the I? A grown-up man? 
    
- In which landscape, region/country, is the main character? I visualize a huge old house in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by snow, a pond, and a garden, but since I read these English-sounding names of streets I would like to zoom out a little bit to understand where I am. Somewhere in the UK? 
    
- Why is this house important to the character? Later we see the mom there immersed in her thoughts while the narrator is looking at her with someone else. What is the mom's mood? Is she maybe sick, or depressed? Or just peaceful by herself? Is the main character living there? With the family? Or was this a mental hospital? 
    
- Why did the character end up there? What’s the character's intention? 
    
- Why is the character scared of entering the house? What kind of feelings and memories does he get once he is there? I would add a bit of a background story of the character. OR: is this text the continuation of a longer story you are writing? 
    
- It is not clear who the little kid is, but I think this was your intention. I have added my theories:) next to the text. 
    

I would just throw here and there some details to make the overall situation a bit clearer but still keep it intriguing :)**